README.md, before:

## 👨‍💻 Ryan Melo

**`Junior Dev`**

Estudante

---

### Linguagens e Tecnologias

<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Java"
    title="Java" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/java/java-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Spring Boot"
    title="Spring Boot" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/spring/spring-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="JavaScript" 
    title="JavaScript"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="TypeScript"
    title="TypeScript" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="React"
    title="React" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/react/react-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Tailwind" 
    title="Tailwind"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Python" 
    title="Python"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/python/python-original.svg" 
/>

<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="PostgreSQL"
    title="PostgreSQL" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Git" 
    title="Git"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/git/git-original.svg" 
/>

<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Docker"
    title="Docker" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" 
/>

<br/>
<br/>

### Estatísticas

<p>

<img
  align="left"
  alt="Github Stats"
  height="140"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=ryan-de-melo&theme=nord_dark"
/>

<img 
  align="left"
  alt="Github Stats"
  height="140"
  src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=ryan-de-melo&theme=nord_dark"
  />


</p>

Commit message:

Revise README with new name and profile links
Updated personal information and GitHub links to reflect new user details.

README.md, after:

## 👨‍💻 José Melo

**`Junior Dev`**

I'm a **Computer Science student @ Federal University of Campina Grande** and a Junior Backend Developer focused on building
robust and scalable applications using **Java** and **Spring Boot**.

I have a strong interest in backend development, APIs, and relational databases, 
and I enjoy learning how to design clean, maintainable, and secure systems. I'm 
constantly improving my skills by working on personal projects and studying modern 
backend technologies and best practices.


---

### Linguagens e Tecnologias

<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Java"
    title="Java" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/java/java-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Spring Boot"
    title="Spring Boot" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/spring/spring-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="JavaScript" 
    title="JavaScript"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="TypeScript"
    title="TypeScript" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="React"
    title="React" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/react/react-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Tailwind" 
    title="Tailwind"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Python" 
    title="Python"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/python/python-original.svg" 
/>

<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="PostgreSQL"
    title="PostgreSQL" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" 
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Git" 
    title="Git"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/git/git-original.svg" 
/>

<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Docker"
    title="Docker" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" 
/>

<br/>
<br/>

### Estatísticas

<p>

<img
  align="left"
  alt="Github Stats"
  height="140"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=jose-s-melo&theme=nord_dark"
/>

<img 
  align="left"
  alt="Github Stats"
  height="140"
  src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=jose-s-melo&theme=nord_dark"
  />


</p>
